[Cloudflare for SaaS] Reorganized folder (#5347)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-for-saas/reference/status-codes/_index.md

---
pcx-content-type: navigation
title: Status codes
weight: 4
---

# Status codes

> We have many different status codes. They can be related to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare uses many different status codes for Cloudflare for SaaS. They can be related to:
```
